 
 StartTime: 0.200s 
 
 Speaker 1: 
  
 So here it is. The 2019 MacBook Air. In fact, this is the first time I've ever reviewed and used a MacBook Air on this channel and I would be putting it through its Paces because I know for a lot of people out there this is going to be their default laptop. A lot of students are going to be taking this to school buying it for school and you guys are probably curious on how well this is going to perform in day-to-day functionality. You see this has been the standard laptop for a lot of people for a very long time. Like if you bought a Macbook you gravitate towards the MacBook Air because of its price point and how thin it is how light it is and how good the battery life is now there's not a lot of changes this year compared to last but you are getting the benefit of true tone capabilities. Now, this is the rose gold model. I think it looks absolutely fantastic. It's one of apples classier colors whether you like this color or not. It really comes down to your personal preference. Actually. You know, what K be quiet for a second, especially you stop yapping. I'm going to take off the plastic. This is the most momentous occasion of this video. The sounded beautiful. So here it is rose gold Inside the Box course you get your typical USB type-c cable some paperwork. We have the charging brick. This looks like to be what a 45 watt charging brick 30 watt charging brick fun fact, you can actually use this brick to charge your MacBook Pro. It'll charge it slowly but it will work one hand test. Beautiful still can do it. No problem. This laptop is 2.8 pounds. So obviously this is like the perfect size for back-to-school people because this is going to go into your laptop into your backpack. You're not going to feel it. It's going to be very light when you carried around campus. I just love the fact that it automatically turns on the moment. You open up the lid for the very first time it's like one of those little things that Apple does to make the unboxing experience ever. So more enjoyable. The next thing is the keyboard. This is the only Mac you can buy right now with a keyboard that doesn't have the touch bar. Like if you've wanted to keep a physical Escape row with the function keys. This is the only MacBook you can buy right now that has that. So here's the MacBook Pro 15 just to give you guys an idea of the size difference. This is how small the MacBook Air 2019 looks to the bigger 15 inch version. If I put it on top of here, you can see the size difference. It is pretty darn a significant, especially if you're carrying this Every single day the other thing is the keyboard with the new Macbook Air they've placed a membrane underneath the deck in order to prevent dust from getting inside it still using the butterfly switches and I noticed a couple of different changes one of the keys are slightly softer to type on which gives it a bit more travel distance and to they're actually quieter now. So here's an example of the MacBook Pro 15 is the 2018 model. And here's the MacBook Air. So here's the thing. This is the I5 model. But this is the why series processor? So it's not as powerful as the MacBook Pro 13 inch but it's still more than capable enough to do all the standard stuff that most people are used to doing browsing the net with tons of tabs open. Maybe you're doing light work compiling code may be using Microsoft Office or Google Docs or even Apple's own Suite of word tools. The bottom line. This laptop should be able to handle it. Now the cool thing about this is that you still get to USB type-c ports and they both happen to be Thunderbolt 3, so maybe you take this to school to take down notes and then you come home you hook it up to an external GPU and you work with something. That's a little bit more intensive. Now. This is a product that costs $1,000. And for a lot of people this is the product they're looking at because of its price point and instead of doing like a standard review. I'm really going to push this laptop. I'm going to find out how far I can go using a MacBook Air 2019. Can it compiled code code? Well, can I edit the odd video? What is this? Incapable of doing and in the meantime, if you guys are watching this video, let me know in the comments below what you want me to test out on the MacBook Air 2019 and I'll try to fit it into my full review. Anyways that wraps up this unboxing. Here's the brand new Macbook Air 2019. Let me know your thoughts like the video if you liked it subscribe if you haven't already and I'll see you guys in the next video. 
